Does this work as a word doc or what?

I would like to introduce an idea for an open source framework to improve communication and build teams.  The implementation of the framework is based on various methods including Lean Startup, Scrum, and PRINCE 2.  I would like to have your feedback regarding the framework and hear about general interest in starting it as an open source project.

The meetup is targeted all lean, agile, designer, coder, entrepreneur, and start up types that use processes in your daily work and/or want to learn more about how to implement various methodologies into your daily processes to improve the communication of teams and help build stronger teams.
The idea is to start a group having the goal to start an open source framework for improving communication and building teams.  Each meeting is at the end of a sprint and it is to recap the previous sprint and determine if any changes can be approved into the master branch of the project.  If yes then merge is done and if not then nothing.  People continue to work on their branches.
The first meeting will be the first experiment which is the pitch and if there are any feedback for it.
The github repo is:  igitk72/da-lewis-xperr-mints 
Clone the repo, create and publish your own branch.

The group is called InnovatorSandbox and the framework is called LEARNX.
My name is Kevin
I have worked with development, agile, consultancy,  management, and startups.
So why me? Why anyone for that matter? Well I got this idea and I am asking for help to make it because I would like to find others like me that are freelancers or hobbyist coders or even hard code hackers that are a work in progress and coding cool stuff and looking for that product breakthrough, but more so just looking to become a better entrepreneur by learning by doing.  If there are not enough interested people after the first loop then a pivot meeting will be held.  First Pivot meeting is held the 6th meeting  (2 meets per month is 2 week sprints over 3 months).  This will be traction meeting 0 to 12 weeks (build traction from 0 to infinity in 12 weeks)
Build a Startup 101: The A to Z of building a company from idea to traction in 12 weeks.

One common thread is that processes are unique for every 
The group members meet every 2 weeks either by hangout or physical location and do a retrospective which is called a Next or Not meeting.

